doc/94: Document how a query can filter on SOURCE_REFERENCE (#95)
exasol/virtual-schema-common-document-files: doc/changes/changes_6.0.1.md

* Added regression tests for #91

## Documentation

> * #94: Document how a query can filter on SOURCE_REFERENCE

Reviewer: ```suggestion
* #94: Documented how a query can filter on SOURCE_REFERENCE column
```
